Update store-fslogix-profile.md (#62198)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/store-fslogix-profile.md

If you're ready to create your own FSLogix profile containers, get started with one of these tutorials:

> - [Getting started with FSLogix profile containers on Azure Files in Windows Virtual Desktop](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/create-file-share)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Getting started with FSLogix profile containers on Azure Files in Windows Virtual Desktop](create-file-share.md)
```

Reviewer 2: I made this change.
